[#name: "scr_stones1", #type: #field]
characters
#playerCharacter - m
#ulin - u

lines

wait 20

u teleportInAt point(500,128)

wait 20

u: Hello Merlin!

u: You found me!

m: That's right.

u: On any screen, you can summon me by pressing #key #wizard

u: I'll come down and start healing you and your blokes.

u: Pressing #key #wizard again will unsummon me.

u: Once you find more wizards, you can hit #key #wizardSelector . The icon at the top left of the screen will show you what wizard you plan on summoning.

m: Can I summon more than one wizard?

u: Unfortunately, the scenery can't handle several of us at once using magic. Two alone is quite a stretch!

u: Having even more of us around will start draining all the magic out of the land!

u: If you remember the magical forrest losing all of its magic and forcing you to use your blokes all the time...

m: Right. Thanks for the reminder.

u: No prob!

u: Also, you may have noticed that there were some other folks giving you a hand in the first screen.

m: Yeah! What's with those guys? I couldn't blast them!

u: Those are the simpletons. If you didn't spend your youth hanging around in secluded towers plotting world domination,

m: Ahh, the glory days...

u: You would know that its part of the wizards job description to keep them out of harm's way!

m: Oh! It seems like they were doing a pretty good job on their own though.

u: You may also have noticed that you're blokes now teleport themselves off of the screen.

m: Yeah...

u: That's because we've outfitted your watch with autoteleport!

u:  It will automatically teleport all of your men out when they have nothing left to do!

m: wow! All that, and it tells time!

u: About that... It doesn't tell time anymore.

m: ...

u: Anywho, you should look into finding some more spells. I think there's a pretty good one in the Far North.

m: And?

u: Its called Arctic Blast, it will slow down your enemies!

m: Cool!

M: Where might I find this spell?

u: really far to the north, of course, in the West Copse!

u: now let's go!

u teleportOut
wait 60


















